# Week 1
## What makes a work a piece of e-literature?
A piece of e-literature is reliant on the digital space to function correctly or present wholly. While some works of e-lit could be more feasibly adapted to physical/print media, if a digital work can be transcribed without adaptation to physical media, then it's not e-lit. I suppose that answer mainly focuses on the "e-", but the literature part feels more self-explanatory: writing-based.
## Of 'Tarako Gorge', 'The Gathering Cloud', 'First Draft of the Revolution', and 'Shade', which did I like most and why?
_Tarako Gorge_ was cute but kind of merely novel to me. Great idea, well executed, but not very arresting, personally. The writing was my favourite aspect of _The Gathering Cloud_. The animations were nice and it looked great, but I feel like a physical adaptation with end/footnotes would recapture most of what I most appreciated about it. _First Draft of the Revolution_ is a fantastic concept, but I felt like the choices I made weren't having much of an effect on the choices that followed or narrative overall. I could be completely wrong. It felt like it was waiting for me to make a minimum amount of changes before progressing, which kind of undermined be able to choose for me. You could say that this inflexibility reinforced the characters and themes of surveillance and uncertainty and miscommunication, but it just felt a bit oppressive. Very cool, though. I tried _Zork_ a while ago and found it totally infuriating and impossible. I had similar experience with _Shade_. The range of inputs are too narrow and specific for me to really enjoy or even penetrate it, even with the guides. There's an art to developing these inputs, I'm sure, and that the figuring out of the correct prompts is part of the fun. For some. I sat up off the futon and went to the kitchen. I think that's as far as I made it. Sorry, _Shade_.
## What do I expect from this class?
I think my only expectation is that I'm exposed to a way of being for literature that I haven't considered or seen before (good start!). Keen to get into coding as well!
# Week 2
*non-trivial effort*, *Three Generations of e-lit*
